Update security-features.md (#701)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/business/security-features.md

    Accessing the Intune admin center in the Azure portal allows you to set up additional security features, such as the management of MacOS devices, iPhone, and Android devices along with advanced device management for Windows, that are not available through Microsoft 365 Business admin center.
- **Same [Conditional Access](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/conditional-access/overview) as Azure AD P1 plan**

>     Conditional Access can help protect your organization from sign-in risk, access attempts from an unexpected network or locale, access attempts form risky device types, and so on. Conditional Access policies are enforced after the first authentication is completed, and it uses signals from the first authentication event to determine if the attempted access should be approved, denies, or if more proof (such as second form of identification) is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Conditional Access can help protect your organization from sign-in risk, access attempts from an unexpected network or locale, access attempts from risky device types, and so on. Conditional Access policies are enforced after the first authentication is completed, and it uses signals from the first authentication event to determine if the attempted access should be approved, denied, or if more proof (such as a second form of identification) is required.
```

    
- **[Sensitivity labels](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/compliance/sensitivity-labels)**

>    Microsoft 365 Business includes all the features of [Azure Information Protection Plan 1](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=871407). With this plan you can create **Sensitivity labels**, that allow you to control access to sensitive information in email and documents with controls like "Do not forward" and "Do not copy". You can also classify sensitive information as "Confidential" and specify how classified information can be shared outside and inside the business. Enterprise-grade encryption is easy to apply to email and documents to keep your information private. You can also install the Azure Information Protection client add-in for Office apps. For more details, see [Azure Information Protection unified labeling client](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/information-protection/rms-client/unifiedlabelingclient-version-release-history). For Sensitivity labels, install the **AzInfoProtection_UL.exe**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Microsoft 365 Business includes all the features of [Azure Information Protection Plan 1](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=871407). With this plan you can create **Sensitivity labels** that allow you to control access to sensitive information in email and documents with controls like "Do not forward" and "Do not copy". You can also classify sensitive information as "Confidential" and specify how classified information can be shared outside and inside the business. Enterprise-grade encryption is easy to apply to email and documents to keep your information private. You can also install the Azure Information Protection client add-in for Office apps. For more details, see [Azure Information Protection unified labeling client](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/information-protection/rms-client/unifiedlabelingclient-version-release-history). For Sensitivity labels, install the **AzInfoProtection_UL.exe**.
```
